ever since we were children
we've had one dream a wedding
the eurovision song contest
all right everyone i am lords this is
secret
we are fire saga who wants to hear our
eurovision zone
[Applause]
all of iceland thinks we are a joke
that's not true
and my father is ashamed of me no he's
not he looked me into the eyes and said
i
am ashamed of you maybe he was drunk he
said
and you might think that i'm drunk but i
am a dead sober
idiot officially
fire saga will be representing iceland
at eurovision this year i hate them
absolutely terrible they're old
disgusting people
but we have no choice
so we're in yeah
42 countries hundreds of performers
and a worldwide audience of 180 million
this is your vision
you have to watch that guy he is a sex
player hey
looking good secret very beautiful voice
thank you
we are a duo that will never be
separated george michael says something
about other wham guy
andrew ridgely you have to stay focused
we need to win what are you doing i just
want my ding-dong to look bigger than
what is really there
smart yeah i could do a camo do a
classic
camel you'd never have a style yeah this
is it we have to prove to iceland and my
extremely handsome father that my life
hasn't been a waste
[Music]
you are a dreamer my dreamer
we can't really romance it ruins the
bands fleetwood mac
ace bass siemen and garfunkel yeah i
forgot about seamen
[Music]
barter are not giving up tonight is our
night
you don't have single chance of making
it
stop laughing i'm trying to fight you
you hit me back very light like silky
kitty fists in
marshmallow boxing
[Music]
you